Dominik Böhler: morning.
Dominik Böhler: Good morning.
Gaurang Thanekar: Good.
Matilda Simon: morning.
Gaurang Thanekar: it's someone recording this meeting, yes.
Gaurang Thanekar: Okay there's nothing it started like yoga recording.
Dominik Böhler: Now i'm going to record.
Dominik Böhler: i'll explain in a second why for an already knows, I will be with you in the beginning today.
Dominik Böhler: But not throughout the whole class, I have a little one sick at home and so open that up and I will look into the recordings later on tonight.
Dominik Böhler: and give you feedback.
Dominik Böhler: Because I hope he very much.
Dominik Böhler: distracted.
Gaurang Thanekar: I hope he recovers very soon.
yeah.
Dominik Böhler: I can tell you taking taking turns like every other week there's something new.
Dominik Böhler: And I can see that in your eyes you're already so stressed.
Gaurang Thanekar: Oh, it is OK.
Gaurang Thanekar: it's OK.
Dominik Böhler: We can still live, but you know.
Florian Wahl: The beginning of kindergarten.
Dominik Böhler: And something like that yeah.
Florian Wahl: wow yeah because every time you change the institution and there's a new set of.
Florian Wahl: stuff going on.
Florian Wahl: yeah.
Dominik Böhler: we're quite good at catching.
Florian Wahl: yeah honestly for the parents there's always something in there.
But.
Dominik Böhler: yeah yeah.
Dominik Böhler: It we've actually had him to be fair, since Christmas we've had I think two weeks, where no one was sick they were like the last two weeks speaking end of May, beginning of April.
Dominik Böhler: So.
Florian Wahl: We do.
Dominik Böhler: Something to.
Florian Wahl: look forward to I guess.
Dominik Böhler: But guys i'm recording this if you're not Okay, with it, then please tell me shut down your screen whatever you prefer doing.
Dominik Böhler: If you're absolutely not Okay, then send me your presentation, where teams put them into teams channel if you can also send it to me in another way to the link in there.
Dominik Böhler: And i'm committed to giving you that feedback.
Dominik Böhler: All right, so for that, for the rest of the session for and will take over and then later on you're still there musi will come in, and so you you're taking care of.
Florian Wahl: All the best to eclipse and you, of course.
Dominik Böhler: Thanks very much and I will.
Dominik Böhler: give you Florian the.
Dominik Böhler: Meeting host rights just let me know once you change and Lucy is there, can I pop in again from.
Dominik Böhler: So looking forward to your results intermediate results, even though I cannot be there as synchronously in the digital world, it should not matter right, and you will receive everything.
Dominik Böhler: later on.
Dominik Böhler: And I wish you good time with.
Gaurang Thanekar: season.
Florian Wahl: Oh, I think I have to talk now.
Florian Wahl: Good morning, everyone i'm thrilled today round of presentations I think right so maybe we start with a hidden layers.
Florian Wahl: So, how does you can probably just share your screen, or do you need some extra rights.
Ledia Leka: Good.
Florian Wahl: morning.
Edina Larios: Please do let me know if you can hear me i'm hiding in the living room honestly.
Can you hear me yes.
Amelie Haas: trying to figure out the.
Amelie Haas: Presentation again.
Edina Larios: So good morning and i'm going to start us off, we are the hidden layers shockingly, and this is our scoring points from the last two weeks.
Edina Larios: We still keeping this face because it's just that good on the American you jump on to the next slide Okay, so in the first part of representation we're going to talk a little bit about what we actually achieved in the last two weeks, just like last time.
Edina Larios: First i'm going to start us off that as dominic also.
Edina Larios: instructed we continued with the interviews We already have a couple of them in so we also started essentially analyzing those.
Edina Larios: which I am going to talk about in a second into a certain extent.
Edina Larios: And from product management side I also continued reviewing APP feedbacks or reading reviews essentially just to get a little bit of more fear to what the people want essentially American shortly jump on to the next slide and then we're going to come back to this one for you muna.
Edina Larios: Exactly so.
Edina Larios: The couple of answers what we already received from the first round of interviews from our own network already starts to show a certain pattern.
Edina Larios: This clearly is going to change as we go on as well with the more deeper layer questions, as it is, but this is already certainly something what we could start basing our possible solution later on how many, can I ask you to jump back to the previous one, thank you very much.
Edina Larios: So I said you already have the first round of interviews and the analysis of results, we are also flow and thank you again, very much for setting us up with.
Edina Larios: Your data scientists contacts and we already had an interview with Julia and we're waiting on are already in the process of arranging a schedule with the other two gentlemen.
Edina Larios: For some kind of appointment and then here, I am going to give over to your Mona and she's going to talk a little bit about.
Edina Larios: Business approach ideas, what we are exploring at the moment.
Yamuna Bandaru: Okay Good morning, this is a webinar we have done some brainstorming exercise on business ideas like.
Yamuna Bandaru: With the APP we can offer one feature like sleep tracking fully for free, but we offer other features like fitness vitals etc, with some amount of payment.
Yamuna Bandaru: And the other one we thought is like if we want to motivate the users, we need to make them active in participation fulfilling service.
Yamuna Bandaru: So we plan to get coupons in exchange for filling service regularly and these coupons can be used as free monthly subscriptions.
Yamuna Bandaru: And finally, once we all know that consumers are often more histon to donate the data unless they know the exact uses of their data, so we want to design an additional future to maintain transparency, like consumer can have control and choose what data is being used for them.
Yamuna Bandaru: And coming to know networking, we are, we talked to we are waiting for the replace of sleep scientists be negotiating to fix an appointment with them and.
Yamuna Bandaru: We reached out to network of interested participants up to 22 persons and we analyze the results, as I didn't explain that's it for my son.
Amelie Haas: yeah that's me bear with leak into through sleep statistics again, well, we found out last week that about it, or that 80% of pregnant women experienced some form of tanya.
Amelie Haas: which we took as incentive to actually talk to her three of my friends who are pregnant, at the moment, and my neighbor who's in the wife.
Amelie Haas: and actually asked them do you especially, especially now have problems with sleep in your pregnancy.
Amelie Haas: And with my neighbor a midwife, we also talk or I also talked to her and was like okay what what's your experience on that and, interestingly two out of the three seed, they have really intensive dreams which they didn't have before, for example, and that they need a lot of sleep.
Amelie Haas: And yes, this is all.
Amelie Haas: you're influenced and called upon by their pregnancy, so the pregnancy is actually reason for some kind of sleeping problems, all three of them say that they they are usually good sleepers so.
Amelie Haas: insomnia, or something like that is not a problem for them, but just in general they need at least nine hours of sleep a day.
Amelie Haas: And one girl sleeps at night because she doesn't have to get up in the morning and another one says she's so tired in the afternoon, she sleeps at least one hour in the afternoon.
Amelie Haas: But also, even though she used to be a night owl and don't look dumb third and like to get up in the morning, she now get wakes up at five between five and six, eight and can't go back to sleep.
Amelie Haas: So, since they all didn't really have like insomnia, and see problems they didn't win relative right people to ask how those could be solved and how they think that could be resolved.
Amelie Haas: But they all three of them thought that pregnant women would be really, really willing to donate a data, because it might actually help.
Amelie Haas: Science and improving the pregnancy care as well.
Amelie Haas: And then I think i'm going to hand over to Mattel yeah.
Amelie Haas: I think it's me.
Matilda Simon: Oh, this one yeah.
that's me.
Matilda Simon: So yeah for the next scrub we are planning to start conceptualizing how our next round of interviews will go probably some more specific demographic.
Matilda Simon: Perhaps going further with the pregnant women, as well as to analyze any incoming data we have in the form of coding and review and qualitative interview data and further analyzing any Moxley data that we have already acquired.
Matilda Simon: And second we plan to venture a few different approaches to how the product will be utilized in either a consumer scientific or a generic sense.
Matilda Simon: And we will continue to look at and compare profit versus nonprofit models and think about how we will incentivize all potential stakeholders.
Matilda Simon: And lastly, we will continue to research, what type of data is needed or lacking in sleep research and how the different data types are available for the consumer from each current wearable on the market and how they differ from each other.
Matilda Simon: Thank you for that we we do next.
Ledia Leka: Okay, so this time I am.
Ledia Leka: Now our steps are our plans for the next chrome we as modular said, are planning to conduct.
Ledia Leka: participant interviews that next phase second phase, and then we were thinking about starting with first ui design ideas I just don't have our basic.
Ledia Leka: basic idea of the APP or what are we trying to do, and the features that it is going to include also we.
Ledia Leka: plan our idea eating of business model, and also how can specific data extracted from wearable databases, this is a research question that we're going to spend a lot of time researching the last step for the next round is to IDA IDA different approaches and their evaluation.
Edina Larios: yeah right here, essentially, we just arrived again to the usual we have questions for you as well, and in this crumb.
Edina Larios: We have a question to you furious, but this is probably something what we can then, and we should probably manage in a breakout room or something later on, perhaps, and then later on and museum rights, we will also have some technical related or tech yeah ah.
Florian Wahl: So both of these.
Edina Larios: awesome awesome.
Florian Wahl: And yeah it's.
Florian Wahl: it's nice to see that you're doing good.
Florian Wahl: Progress can really look again at this survey outputs.
Florian Wahl: The survey output back, I think it was in the very beginning, you have a couple of graphs and stuff.
Florian Wahl: yeah.
Amelie Haas: So yeah basically what we did here is when we asked in our interviews in our participants we basically asked some some personal data, whether they're male or female, whether they live in our rural or urban area, so this is just where they where they.
Are.
Amelie Haas: So basically how how loud or unreadiness really.
Amelie Haas: Maybe that can have an impact on sleep for quite likely to have an impact on sleep, then we asked if they have wearables used to know.
Amelie Haas: Whether they were a during the night or notch and if provided was that question where we If science, was able to provide a variable for you, would you wear it.
Amelie Haas: So you provided with 25%.
Amelie Haas: Then we asked something about data protection so in order to keep that data valid and significant which we talked about with Julia.
Amelie Haas: We asked if it were Okay, for them to just change the name and age so change the eight within a different within a certain age group to actually keep a comparable but change the personal data, a little bit, but not fully anonymize it defined yeah just.
Florian Wahl: So.
Amelie Haas: Basically, if i'm donating my data, my name is Emily 25 i'm from a rural area i'm not pregnant if if I were to donate my data I might not want that people know that my name is i'm going to 25.
Amelie Haas: So we could change my name to I don't know motto, and my age to 28 and then it's not.
Amelie Haas: Like.
Amelie Haas: A certain age group that we're keeping me in which is my actual age group, because you probably know, this leap changes there with growing and aging.
Florian Wahl: Well, but what would be what we would usually do on us to to in the beginning, not asked for the edge and years, but rather to like put people in a bin right away like say I don't know i'm between 20 and 30 years old or i'm back to save to that and in such a way right so that.
Florian Wahl: anyways.
Florian Wahl: is not transparent, the actual age.
Amelie Haas: yeah so we were we weren't sure how what the actual procedure is they are so we just wanted to make sure that.
Amelie Haas: we're okay for.
Amelie Haas: The majority of people and, as you can see 82% were of the 22 persons that we interviewed so far see.
Amelie Haas: Here that's me no problem.
Florian Wahl: it's Nice.
Florian Wahl: I like yeah.
Amelie Haas: yeah yeah I was going to go on to the next one, but.
Florian Wahl: I like.
Florian Wahl: That you collected quite some data so it's 20 something people 22 or something right.
yeah.
Florian Wahl: Be careful with.
Florian Wahl: So.
Florian Wahl: there's couple of things that I would be careful with that's what this past no data diagram.
Florian Wahl: it's a bit confusing because you think that the enters a lot bigger and until you realize that you plot basically the same people want for male female and then for your URBAN.
Florian Wahl: Okay, and the other thing that I was thinking that could be nice in this content to donation diagram because that's quite important right.
Florian Wahl: You could maybe stack that bars for yes and then stack the bars for undecided and the bars for now, and like give them different colors because, basically, yes, yes it's transparent and, yes, if it's for science, we could kind of turn all of them into a yes right.
Amelie Haas: yeah.
Florian Wahl: Because we brand to be transparent.
Florian Wahl: we've always for science so yeah.
Florian Wahl: But other than that this.
Florian Wahl: is really good.
Florian Wahl: Did you were able to draw any conclusions, for example, just narrowing it to pregnant.
Florian Wahl: parsons or when it.
Florian Wahl: Is.
Florian Wahl: it's an interesting idea, I think.
Amelie Haas: yeah I.
Florian Wahl: gotta hand it limits your target group, like very much right, but it could be a good thing for the first experiment to say okay let's collect data from.
Florian Wahl: Pregnant women that are just a couple of advantages, because they will be at home, more and they might be more compliant because.
Florian Wahl: They have quite some time on their hands, especially in the end to the last trimester they might you know, be in bed a lot and boys, so they might be perfect for asking them a lot of questions.
Florian Wahl: Because they might be a welcome distraction, you know.
Florian Wahl: yeah.
Florian Wahl: i'd say found.
Florian Wahl: Another link i'll send it to you and your team's channel.
Florian Wahl: That sums up because I never heard about this dreams thing and then I wondered whether the sleep structure changes so whether there was more rem sleep or not, because I think this dreaming happened in in around I found.
Florian Wahl: And there's a nice write up was or, especially on the effects that happened during the third trimester.
Florian Wahl: For sleep and pregnancy.
Amelie Haas: yeah To be honest, the interviews with my friends, I just did yesterday and the day before said that's also fairly new we didn't really go into detail on what the outcome was about so within research any and yeah any dream related to pregnancy.
Amelie Haas: papers you.
Florian Wahl: haven't heard about that, before.
Amelie Haas: yeah but also lydia just sit quite correctly and when we talked to Julia she was also really interested.
Amelie Haas: In really kind of excited we might go into the direction of pregnant women and maybe even young parents.
Florian Wahl: Other it's good because she's asleep researcher so.
Florian Wahl: yeah you can win her over that's that's good.
Amelie Haas: yeah she said she's working in a completely different direction at the moment.
Florian Wahl: I think sparks now by excess was related to.
Amelie Haas: Something because the brain.
Amelie Haas: yeah I can't remember which.
Florian Wahl: yeah we both did our PhD and like one of these really big Dutch hundred programs, but there was a lot of different projects and every project had like one or two PhDs and maybe a postdoc.
Florian Wahl: And that's how we met because we went to sleep cluster but the stuff that I did was very technical and then her stop us.
Florian Wahl: She did a lot of research on on high school students and sleep I don't know if she told you about top to bottom, so looked into how the school timing influences the great's of students, depending on the time which is super interesting.
Amelie Haas: yeah absolutely.
Florian Wahl: And just very, very connected and asleep.
Florian Wahl: Research words.
yeah.
Florian Wahl: it's good that you contact which are and also Thomas.
Florian Wahl: I think, is also quite interesting.
Florian Wahl: yeah I see, I saw its access to a lot of population, so I think.
Amelie Haas: yeah I think he was a Thomas who emailed us back and see to super busy in April, so we could maybe do the 12th of May.
Florian Wahl: yeah but just do it.
Florian Wahl: Naturally personally.
yeah.
Florian Wahl: Maybe by then.
Florian Wahl: You have an idea of what you want to do, and you can just pitch it to him and see how you react so that might be might be interesting.
Amelie Haas: yeah might be good, just before the midterm.
Amelie Haas: Exactly.
Amelie Haas: yeah so one more thing that I was thinking that I haven't actually pitch to the group yet, but for the extra I want to contact lunchtime medical.
Amelie Haas: and see if they have some interesting insights as well, and they have an office here in New York, and so I might actually just swing by with a bike one day.
Amelie Haas: Next, two weeks and see if they can be of any assistance to us.
Florian Wahl: yeah sounds good okay I didn't know.
Florian Wahl: And they have a sleep Center as well.
Florian Wahl: All right, they're doing this.
Florian Wahl: sleep abner stuff.
yeah.
Florian Wahl: Good.
Florian Wahl: yeah that's a pretty big business as well.
Florian Wahl: So a lot of people suffer from that and it's becoming one why because I think it's also related to obesity.
Amelie Haas: yeah I mean I know from my parents circle of friends and my uncle, for example, he's he's an engineer to is really intelligent, but since he got his smartwatch a couple of weeks ago he sees how bad he's sleeping and now it's a big deal.
Florian Wahl: I will always.
Amelie Haas: That it is huge.
Florian Wahl: yeah Another thing I think that could be really interesting, but this is maybe a project for next year, then as.
Florian Wahl: You have your smartphone a lot of times in the bedroom right a lot of people keep it there, so could be interesting to monitor like snoring behavior I think somebody should be doing this already but.
Florian Wahl: For the sleep apnea you put I mean normally people are sent to like a sleep lab to detect it like whether the health insurance would pay for one of these breathing devices right.
Florian Wahl: Because what happens is that you basically.
Florian Wahl: suffocate I think you suffocate just after is like basically you stop breathing you don't get any air and then at some point, basically resume.
Florian Wahl: By waking up usually and and grasping for air.
Florian Wahl: But.
Florian Wahl: Right usually that happens right, it could also be that basically you don't wake up anymore and.
Florian Wahl: So I think usually put people into a sleep lab to detect that but there's a something that you could easily do with audio recordings right and machine learning so.
Edina Larios: The Apps actually even has not.
Edina Larios: Software as medical device or application as medical device but it's still kind of has a recommendation that a the APP the accelerometer or whatever detected that you're you're kind of not reading what's going on, so somebody.
Edina Larios: might even if they are not categorized as a medical device they kind of already at least make a suggestion for this.
Florian Wahl: yeah also the lean.
Florian Wahl: muscles the breathing frequency when you're asleep.
Florian Wahl: So that's right cool.
Florian Wahl: All right, um so.
Florian Wahl: let's do your questions.
Florian Wahl: Maybe really quick anyway, and then we do the other group.
Florian Wahl: So.
Florian Wahl: Because.
Florian Wahl: So i'm interested in in this sleep data analysis in the long run, but of course for that.
Florian Wahl: The tracking right I don't know if this question is more complex than that.
Amelie Haas: yeah.
Amelie Haas: After last week's session.
Amelie Haas: We were a little frustrated.
Really.
Edina Larios: well.
Amelie Haas: And we really just wanted to talk to you like what, what do you expect from us in this semester.
Amelie Haas: In this project.
Edina Larios: Essentially, felt that the other mentor or the other projects, the other mentors had a very clear message already groups, however, we felt that we might have missed your message so.
Florian Wahl: I know.
Edina Larios: We weren't sure which direction are you aiming or seeking maybe here.
Florian Wahl: So for me.
Florian Wahl: My goal was.
Florian Wahl: To not give you like, a direction, because I think this is the idea of the project, for you have missed any message, but if that frustrates you I can give you a more clear direction and that's what.
Edina Larios: it's.
Edina Larios: About frustrating it's frustrated us if we have mess, because we.
Edina Larios: missed something.
Edina Larios: If we didn't miss anything.
Edina Larios: And I.
Florian Wahl: used to develop your own APP and.
Florian Wahl: I think that even if you decide.
Florian Wahl: To go for this pregnant women.
example.
Florian Wahl: Like if you decide to build in the under sleep APP for pregnant women that's completely fine with me, even though that's not what I had in mind at all.
Florian Wahl: But I think that's very interesting so um.
Florian Wahl: For me, the part that i'm really interested in would be to have an APP that can kind of track the sleep behavior based on what's available in an apple has or Google fit.
Florian Wahl: that's for me the interesting bit, and I think that, no matter what you do this will kind of be a byproduct of offered you achieve this semester.
Amelie Haas: yeah I guess so because.
Amelie Haas: i'm out of.
Florian Wahl: It doesn't matter if you if your target group is.
Florian Wahl: pregnant women or marathon runners right.
Florian Wahl: In the end, this is like the technical bit, this is what you should leverage.
Florian Wahl: And then i'm fine with that because I can then we can take this product and shape it into something else later right.
Florian Wahl: And I think that also is quite smart as one way, for example, to vote would be to develop it and the cost for one smile target group, like pregnant women it's quite a small tiger group, even though three friends are pregnant, at the moment seems like a lot but.
Amelie Haas: Age.
Florian Wahl: Group.
Florian Wahl: But.
Florian Wahl: The cool thing is that later on right if you have that you can just basically change to you I a bit and change the analysis and then you have like a completely different maybe for.
Florian Wahl: Elderly of our runners or whatever, so the part that i'm interested in is to build some kind of APP that allows people to donate their data.
Florian Wahl: And then everything else is fine with me and if, if you want me to like narrow it down for you, we can do that anytime like next week or something that.
Amelie Haas: is the reason why we chose the project is we felt like really narrowed down into one direction, with the other ones and we're having ideas, but this one and thought we could actually.
Florian Wahl: bring it open, you can.
Florian Wahl: Basically freely towards one and I question, I can.
Florian Wahl: Maybe answer as well, so for the enemy session you don't really need a iPad because you can just like the name, I would just leave it out, I will just give people a number.
Florian Wahl: Because that's what you typically do in research and then you can decide that either its side and.
Florian Wahl: So people have just.
Florian Wahl: A number but either somebody hollywood's this key that resolves like this type of those results, the number back into the original name right what email address or whatever right, so that if you wanted to you could later contact the person and ask them questions.
Florian Wahl: And the other question is to go with anonymized so basically you don't record the name at all.
Florian Wahl: And then you just have a number.
Florian Wahl: that's also fine i'm.
Florian Wahl: This age with an age group, I would then just go with an age group directly, because then you don't I mean you don't gain anything by changing the age by a little bit plus or minus if you do that random needs, just as good as having HP.
Florian Wahl: I think I can kind of so a is kind of a big word so.
Florian Wahl: So I think there's a couple of things that you can do with Ai so first of all, you can visualize a lot of the data, you can aggregate the data and kind of give.
Florian Wahl: People.
Florian Wahl: A trend like how they how they will sleep in the future, you can give them personalized tips, this is something that I would do, which is kind of compute what is the best.
Florian Wahl: The best tip to improve the person sleep right.
Florian Wahl: Also fights on be thinking about a pregnant women xander you could.
Florian Wahl: Tell someone for example okay now you are in, week I don't know 25 right.
Florian Wahl: And so.
Florian Wahl: Right now, your sleep is really bad, but don't worry, most of the other pregnant women that were in week I don't know 28 that we're doing a lot better, so it should become better in the next three weeks again right.
Florian Wahl: And then just something that you could provide.
Florian Wahl: At least if it's positive.
Edina Larios: We actually even considered this that for the APP we would have a section, which is like our our sleep wiki or something like that, where essentially with Ai we could have personalized.
Edina Larios: tips or advances or just information, like a news feed but personalized on that patient or on the participants.
Edina Larios: Information essentially what they given that i'm struggling with I don't know insomnia i'm pregnant whatever and then the I can sort out based on the information what to push as naturally to that participant.
Florian Wahl: So, on the one hand, right.
Florian Wahl: yep this general information, but I will put into a wiki and then I would just this personalized messages I will give them notifications, and then they can control how much of the notifications, they want to pop up or up with a sound and then.
Florian Wahl: that's quite interesting so at least the wearables that I use they do that and it's quite cool because, for example, if.
Florian Wahl: My body temperature increases overnight.
Florian Wahl: Then the ring in the morning would say hey watch out today like.
Florian Wahl: I think if its course up more than half a degree, it will tell you like okay today So be careful, because obviously nobody's buying something yeah.
Florian Wahl: So that's that's quite Nice, and I think with the sleep, this could be the same, that if you detect it a night was really good compared to the night before you could say hey like what did you do different tonight because.
Florian Wahl: Last night, because you slept much better.
you're muted.
Edina Larios: Yes, sorry I was talking to my email working.
hard.
Edina Larios: I will thank you very much.
Florian Wahl: coffee.
Edina Larios: I would have a kind of going out on a stretch question.
Edina Larios: which inspired me by what you said, but we actually even consider this.
Before.
Edina Larios: And i'm not gonna lie that it just escaped me right now so i'm just going to come back with you that.
So I.
Florian Wahl: think we can continue with the presentation of.
Florian Wahl: The other group that is the deep divers.
Amelie Haas: Actually, can I just have.
Amelie Haas: One more question because last week we when we talk to to to dominic it was.
Florian Wahl: Well, so there was a visitor.
Oh good.
Amelie Haas: yeah last week when we talked to dominic he was really clear about us being too specific already, but now talking to you, it sounds like it's okay that we're already that specific so.
Amelie Haas: Well, how should we keep going.
Florian Wahl: yeah I think dominick.
Florian Wahl: Cruz, he wants to to spend the first half.
Florian Wahl: kind of narrowing it down I The thing is that, in the beginning, I wrote like a very specific document on what you should do and he said oh that's way too specific.
Florian Wahl: Type try to keep it as specific as I can so.
Florian Wahl: yeah I think have capital of my interviews with this other experts and then narrow it down until the mid term but maybe there's some things that either way you need right, if you think, for example, about the ui of the APP.
Florian Wahl: there's probably some things that you need any way, like some visualization of the sleep time stripe or the grammar type or whatever the things that you would probably need to whether you do this for pregnant people or marathon runners.
Amelie Haas: I mean that was the thing that dominic said last week it was like, why do we want to build an APP, why is it not something else and.
Amelie Haas: So we went out into that direction, the last week two, and you know kind of did some brainstorming and thought of different approaches which will already also had an hour presentation.
Amelie Haas: To basically just say Okay, can we can we can look at it from a scientific point of view and we don't actually get the users, but we we build an APP for scientists to contact users or two to get the data from there, or I don't know how.
Amelie Haas: or can we just do like a middle we're where we say okay and we're just doing a whit whit just transferring data from Google and apple how to another scientific database.
Amelie Haas: So you should Should we continue down that direction, what other approaches, we could go to also we actually go for.
Amelie Haas: User base.
Florian Wahl: You can you can explore that, of course, the question is how do you want to.
Florian Wahl: Get the data out with.
Florian Wahl: out an APP in the end, and do you want to give feedback to the user side because if you want to give feedback to the user side and you want to access that data in apple Google fit.
Florian Wahl: it's gonna be difficult, without an APP I think.
Florian Wahl: So I know that, for example, with the ordering so I pulled some data of.
Florian Wahl: One of our scientists than me.
Florian Wahl: And I send it to Matilda last week.
Florian Wahl: So, with the ordering you can access that through a regular API, but I think for the other variables I don't know if it's possible and you will have to write an API for each variable and that was the idea of the project was a bit too to use like.
Florian Wahl: to access the data on another level, where, basically, you have to have that already collect all the data from artists variable so they already do the work of integrating all this wearable devices.
Florian Wahl: So you don't have to do that.
Florian Wahl: You can explore it, I think that in the end, that will make most sense, but if you have I mean might be frustrating but.
Florian Wahl: If you if you find a good use case that can, if you find a convincing case that you can do it without an actor, it would mean whatever you can dip out in terms of work.
Amelie Haas: it's.
Florian Wahl: Or you can whatever you can simplify let's put it that way it's probably a good idea, because.
Florian Wahl: The second half of the Semester is really over quite quickly and building things takes time.
Florian Wahl: But.
Florian Wahl: i'm not sure if there's an easier solution than using apple.
Florian Wahl: And just building an APP.
Florian Wahl: Because.
Florian Wahl: Then you would have to access all this different api's separately and you have the other thing is that.
Florian Wahl: You have to build something that can ask the API the user for permission right.
Florian Wahl: So.
Florian Wahl: I think you could do it with a web APP but then also, how do you drive people there and what, what do you give back to the users and how do you do that right, you could send them, maybe Meriden weather report summarizing everything.
Florian Wahl: yeah but.
Florian Wahl: I feel like and then think about you're pregnant women rights to spend a lot of time in bed, and not in front of a computer so they have a smartphone with them, and maybe a tablets but they're not going to end up on some website they're going to end up in some APP.
Florian Wahl: well.
Ledia Leka: Our answer, so thank you.
Ledia Leka: we're just a little bit confused.
and
Florian Wahl: Think it's time for a deep divers are they here.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: yeah.
Florian Wahl: hi.
Shailly Upadhyay: Hello Florian I let me share the screen.
Shailly Upadhyay: Can you see my screen.
Florian Wahl: Yes, it works okay.
Shailly Upadhyay: I sorta.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: yeah so I Florian so in our last session.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And, before that, in the initial session we started with what our basic plan was what our basic idea was so, in short, the basic idea was to.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: was to do an emotional tracking was to create a system to track emotions that emotions and give the user, an idea.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Of what the emotional State currently is and what the emotional state was in the spectrum okay to make things more clear to make things more clear okay first, first of all, let me first English, what we are going to present today.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: First, we are, we are going to present our idea with little bit more clarity and, second, of all and, second, we are going to present our survey results survey results in detail and the feedback we have got from the from our survey and what we are planning as immediate step.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Currently, so.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: To make our idea more clear what concept we have and what we are working on okay let's start with.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: I think every one of us have used a smartwatch some time or the other, or we have seen someone using a smartwatch.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: The what is smart smart watch basically tracks a smartwatch tracks your heart rate I smartwatch tracks your number of steps you have covered.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: In today or the large day or in the previous week it says it monitors how much calories you have burned today or yesterday, or in the last week or how much you have slept in in the current are in the spectrum so on the lines of that our device or our system.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: aims to tap the emotional state of the user, both in the current in the vr type, as well as over the past day or over the last week okay so on this, this is our basic concept and on the lines of this we move ahead with the ocean and our survey, so, in total, we serve it around.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: We serve it around have 50 people and before that we created a detailed questionnaire so once once i'm done to the questionnaire once i'm done to explaining the.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: concept of basic idea will be more clear to you all okay so let's start with the questionnaire now, so the first question we asked.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Our subjects our service objects was, would you be interested in knowing your emotional condition in theory time in moment whether you're feeling stressed or anxious or excited you're in low mood.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Now you're feeling emotional breakdown, are you calm you down the aisle sluggish you hyperactive bold any emotional condition in the time.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And the second question was, would you be interested in knowing your emotional condition in the to spread over the parody with the past week or any space, so all ne specified period of time during the previous days.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: So first question was about in real time second question was about in the respective that third question was, would you be interested in.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: in real time solutions in real science is a time idolize that our session would give to you for this for this all being negative or bothersome emotional states.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: In theory, time to be interested in the theory time solution that you would be receiving from our system to dissolve that bothers them or negative emotional states and our fourth question was.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Would you be interested in the solution for dissolving negative or bothersome emotional states in the prospect in the past, I mean.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: I mean the our system would have detected your emotion would have grabbed your emotions over the past days or bi weekly and would be suggesting solutions to dissolve that now.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: The they will they will take your emotions or the week and for any negative or bothers me state they would be suggesting solutions, now it not in the VI time the fourth question was about to spread.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: The fifth question was to be do you believe our emotional tracking system and the desert and possible solution given mechanism could be beneficial to mentally ill people.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Sites, would you be willing to be a headband or EG device to take your emotions, as part of our system Okay, so I hope our basic concept is a little bit more clear to you right now what we're actually planning to do we actually planning to track the emotional shade of people by.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: By promoting them to wear a headband link to our system and our headband would detect the easy and the EG waves in real time and also over the past week or past days whenever they will that headband and those EG waves he EG studies of.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: their brains would be analyzed to give out the emotional state.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: yeah so let's move ahead without the district of our survey.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay, so.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: We had the total participants 50.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And we have three TEAM members, and we all tried to reach out to as much as people as possible and out of our total number of participants, it is today about 32 males and females.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: yeah so let's move on to the idea, the age group, our of our survey population was between 20 years to 25 years of age, so our target of target look was pretty young people as yet okay let's move on to the next slide.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay, so the desert of our first survey is October 1 survey, the first question, the first question, which was would they be interested in knowing the own emotional state in 09.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: It came out to be what 6040 60% of the people were like K yeah they would like to they would like to, and they would be interested in know in they would be interested in knowing the.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: chili 40% of the people would be interested in knowing their emotional state in real time.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: But there is a catch here, which will be which i'll be able to explain with dancers, have further questions 40% of the people were.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Directly they were saying that yeah they would want to do their emotional state in theory time yeah but the 60% were little bit apprehensive.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: With doubtful whether they would like to know your emotional state at the time, because they say Okay, we already know whether what we are feeling like now, but they will not unequivocal.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: They were like 50% of people were like Okay, they might they might not.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: So we moved out with the second question, and with further questions their opinions became more clear it came with more clarity so.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: that the second question.
Florian Wahl: I have a question about his remark yeah please in the future, can you go back to the the part time thing.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: yeah.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Can you please explain sodium.
Florian Wahl: What do you want it to go to the bar charts that you just showed.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay yeah.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: yeah sure these are by nature.
Florian Wahl: So, in the future, can you do two things, please not another person.
Florian Wahl: With their questions on the bottom and then.
Florian Wahl: Yes, in the future, can you do two things, please like first of all right, I mean I would pick maybe two colors but two different Greens but.
Florian Wahl: Next time, like what is yes, and what is no and also like maybe right instead of q1 q2 q3 right like the questions.
Florian Wahl: Oh, you have to.
Florian Wahl: Read the diagram.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: yeah yeah I totally understand.
Florian Wahl: For the future, started to write a report or presenters and then this makes it really hard to interpret yeah.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: yeah I totally understand yeah so while explaining it here to explain at every step what question one means what Christian to means okay yeah Okay, let me start from the beginning about the findings of our surveys OK.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: OK so for our question one for a question, one which was the weather, you would be like, would you be interested in knowing what your emotional state in theory time in real time, the answer was on.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: The answer was around 6040 around 60% of the people were like okay yeah they would be interested in knowing the emotional state in the theory time.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: They would be interested and 40% of the people were.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Somewhat be vocal.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: They were like they they are not sure whether they would want to nobody was that Okay, they would not want to, but they were not sure they would want to if they would want to because.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Most people already they were saying the 40% of the people were saying okay they're like already know what they're feeling in real time Okay, but.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Their EP vocal answer would become clear with the with the answers of next questions OK so moving on to the question to the question was whether they would be interested in knowing the emotional state in the prospect like.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Like Julian if you have been using this system, since a week or a few days, your emotional state would be recorded by our system.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And it would be presented to you in forms of a chart or graph.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: yeah, and so the question was, would you be interested in knowing your emotional state in this perspective What was your emotional state yesterday or over the past week.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: How, you were feeling yesterday from 12pm to 2pm how are you how are you feeling on the previous webinars day from 6pm to 8pm so, would you be interested in knowing that.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: So the answer to this was a little bit more unequivocal towards yours was 70% of the people were like emphatic yes answers.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay yeah they would be more interested to it snowing Yes, they would want to have an idea of their emotions in two steps.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Because when when our system tells you that okay so yeah and you felt a little British test out yesterday from 12pm to do PM or last Wednesday from 6pm to 8pm.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: You would have an idea in your mind okay what I was doing that time Okay, maybe I wish I was thinking too much about my work or.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Or maybe I was thinking too much about my my issues with my friends or my family during that time.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: So you can you will be able to correlate the activity you're doing the things we're thinking with your emotional state being shown by our system, so the 30% of the people which we're not sure about a yeses pawns in the question to.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Most of the people for Question one question two who were towards inclined towards.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: The vocal or the notice ponds where those who have not already been exposed to an idea to the idea of using a smart device device to track.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Their body parameters already this thing we have observed it those who have already used or they have seen the close ones, using a smartwatch.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Smart was to track calories in a steps and other body parameters, they were more inclined towards the year sounds because they have been.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: exposed previously to tracking their body function parameters state monitoring devices.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And so they were able to better comprehend what our system was actually aiming towards and what could be the result of that, and in what way would be it could be beneficial to them.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay, so um the question the question three was our question was whether whether you would be interested in having a salvation from our system.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: A suggestion from our system to the address your negative or borders and emotional state in the time What this actually means brilliancy suppose, for example, you're using our system and.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: you're all you're doing something, and you are feeling.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: feeling anxious and.
Florian Wahl: Our system get absorbed you're.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Anxious right now and in the end, if you.
Shailly Upadhyay: are putting your audio is not.
Shailly Upadhyay: there.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay, is it okay now.
Shailly Upadhyay: For me, yes.
Florian Wahl: yeah.
Florian Wahl: It was gone for like 30 seconds.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Oh OK OK OK sha sha slowly, and I would repeat them, I would repeat, for I think.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: The third question, I will start from third question, so our third question asked, would you be live in having suggestions or solutions from our system.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: aimed towards the address will have negative or bother some emotional state in real time, what does it exactly mean, let me elaborate a little bit, for example, so again, if you are using our system.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And if you are very know a headband if you're using our system and you're working right now.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: you're doing an activity, and right now in the air time you're feeling stressed or anxious and our system detects that you are she is.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And it not just notifies you, but the same time it's suggest you solutions to that does the thing in real time right now.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Of example like take a little wake tech, you might take a little break slowly on or you might drink a glass of water when they asked for five minutes can take a few deep breaths.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And yeah likewise so this kind of the address the suggestions in real time and in answer to that what we received 50% around 50% of the people like they had an emphatic yes Okay, they would like to have.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: With this mechanism in real time, but other 50% were were towards they would like to have suggestions, but not in but probably not in real time, because if you're already angry or you're already staged and.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: someone says to you Okay, you are stressed and do this do this do this, then it might be it might not be very good idea in theory time it can make you even more anxious many times so.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And so those 50% who are inclined towards know they were like Okay, they they might they would like to have the test.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: leaders will saturations but probably not in right now, but maybe after some time, maybe tomorrow, maybe day after tomorrow.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And that that time, they would be able to appreciate the solutions better Okay, so this desert was better reflected this opinion of this was better reflected in the research of the ocean for to have a question was.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Whether you would like to have suggestions or advice on our search term to the tourists negative or borders and emotional state in this perspective.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: What does that exactly mean the flow the and you have been suppose you have been using our systems and Spanish have one week or a few days for.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: How many hours a day, as per your convenience and it has recorded or it their stamp your emotional state for the past few days, and it is making you sedation now that okay Florian since a few days.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: We have detected that you have been feeling discouraged.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Anxious or angry between 12pm to 4pm since a few days so maybe you can just take a small dates everyone are.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: You can take five minutes or 10 Minutes be great after every one hour or you can drink some water, you can do some deep breathing you can do some this little little little yoga exercises and.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Or maybe you can talk to someone you Maybe you can talk to someone about the thing which is bothering you may be a friend.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: If.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: If if it is Moses, maybe to a.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: therapist or someone so in response to this question.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Around more even more people around 80% of the people had an.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Impact pks at Okay, yes, they would like to have a drizzle suggestions, if the suggestion tells them about improving their emotional states that have been recorded in the spectrum in the posh posh days or past week, because they would be able to better appreciate the suggestions now.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay, and the other 20% of people who were like they don't really care.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: They will they will more mobile phone home those population who were not even interested in knowing the emotional state in the first place, and this this population this.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: No one's that population was more coinciding with that population, which had never used or had no not much exposure to the idea of using.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Any smartwatch is any devices to take the body function parameters okay so yeah let's move to our next question which is, which was question five so by the time we completed our question for our idea of a basic idea or concept our system was almost fully clear.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: To the audience to the service objects so as we move to question five the question for five was do you think our system.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: would be beneficial in the acting emotionally state or monitoring the mental health of mentally ill people who have been diagnosed with who have already been diagnosed with mental health issues, for example, clinical depression or bipolar disorders or skis of PENA.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Or the knowledge is diagnosed, maybe they have already been going through treatment or already failed to treatment or already discharged from mental health facilities after treatment.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: So those people might require more super supervision by by the relatives or by the adopters and there's one more important factor about.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: This thing with mental health mentally ill people that the suicide rates is significantly higher among mentally ill people.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay, so, in response to our equation, however, there was no person of this category of mentally ill people category in our in our sample size but, as per their opinion, these people who are not mentally ill, apparently.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: They had an emphatic yes to our question, all of them, emphatically, all of them faith that our search term could surely be very beneficial.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: To the supervision and molly emotional health monitoring of mentally ill people, some of them had relatives or friends who had been diagnosed with mental health problems.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And they had seen them close enough how their life was going and how much important there supervision and monitoring was yeah and.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Among our sample size, there were five out of 50 there were five.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: medical professionals medical professionals to or some of them at some point of time have dealt with.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Mental health also and they were able to give us better insights to.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: We are thankful to them okay so then we move on to our last question and.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: The last question was about.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Whether whether you are.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: favorable towards using a headband all the time, a headband all the time to record your EG waves.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: To track your emotional system deeply So the answer to this thing was a little bit tricky and it was laden with a lots of feedback Okay, let me.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Let me start collaborating it 20% of the people had absolutely no problem with fearing a headband, even if they required to fear it.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Most of the time they these were mostly those people who have been who have been using smart watches, since a long time now, since many years now, and they.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: They understand the benefits and they have been using the benefits of smart watches, so they can better appreciate the potential benefits of our system so 20% of these people were had an emphatic years that they would be willing to use a headband.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: All the time whatever time it requires but other 80% who were who did not have an imperative as.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: An older adult one fourth of them had some water strong, though, but others had equivocal opinion neither strong no neither is strong, yes.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And they were more like that, if you could modify a headband towards towards a CAP towards a hat or the towards a hair band which which females usually use.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: They would be very willing to use them, they would be very willing to use them and, and if you could just make it more compact.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Not just a headband but just a few leads near to just above your ears actually search devices are also available it's not that we would need a new invention and headband easy devices are also already available.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: So if if the our device had.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: easy to connecting devices more compact, they would be more willing to use it more more of the time, so this will also among the 80% of people who did not have an imperative, yes, so.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: To give an overall conclusion of our survey Florian.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: We would be would be happy, saying that we had a positive response and we've got a motivation to move ahead on our idea but okay before elaborating on that, I would like to show some feedback which we received.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: From our service objects.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: First of all, our our APP our system.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Was novel to know was novel to them, and some of them had only seen them in SCI fi movies.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: That written some novels but but Davis men very much excited to see a possibility of it in their life and a few of us are a few of the subjects believe that more than more than normal people are mentally mentally sick patients who have been diagnosed with mental illness.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: They could be more targeted towards them.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: And some of the people.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: As some of the people were just not interested in knowing the emotional level like they simply did not care there's some people will also the Burton these people were.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Mostly among that sexual operation which had never used.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Any smartwatch or they have a they had never seen any closed ones, using any smart watch any smart device device taking the party function parameters.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: To try some important feedbacks where the flow yeah they suggested that we can in the later on, we can modify our system to be also targeted towards.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: middle aged people who are suffering from lifestyle diseases such as hypertension, because lifestyle diseases are also.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Very much coordinated and linked to the emotional states, those who are suffering from anger issues, though those are suffering from anxiety, they have been shown.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: To have high incidence rates of hypertension and other lifestyle disease so later on in future, we might have a focused towards them and.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: On.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: The apart, apart from that, the overwhelming feedback was was towards taking the step to make our headband headband more compact more compact or more blending towards the normal us like blending it in a cab or in a head.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: In our CAP or in a hat or in here band it's females us so that they will be able to use it in the outdoors to well doing the other activities so.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Overall flow yeah I would.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: I would like to say that we got a largely positive response and it gave us enough motivation to move forward with our idea and.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: So what we are planning ahead is to.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Have so so basically steps basically steps which we which I would like to enumerate.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: We should take forward ahead is.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: We should test we should test with the basic premise of our idea with an easy with a portable EG device that is a headband.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Which is as of now, which is as of now, not available in the lab of ECU of power ECR I have already visited our lab and we checked all the.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: instruments already available, but as of now, it is not yet available there, however, we check the prices and all it was not not very costly fortunately so.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Once we once we have our we once we have that device, we can move on.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: With.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: starting the testing is starting the testing on volunteers subjects and really relating it with the EG with the ej study with the emotional data, and we would be Designing an APP which will be which will be analyzing the ej study of the person.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: With the emotional state and giving them the desert and, accordingly, giving them suggestions to what they should do in real time.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: According to passion to improve their emotional state, so we know Florian this is to make it fully commercial fully commercial.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: This could become a very large project to be implement implemented by a very big corporation, but our aim initially is to make it.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: At the scale of a PLC a proof of concept to make it function, make it functional at a very basic right now, here, and I think.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: I think we have a strong belief that you would be able to do so and we have enough skills and opportunities to do so, too, and this idea, this basic concept has a very long way to go, in future, we believe, so floria and yeah so so now we're open to your questions and your feedback.
Florian Wahl: Okay.
Florian Wahl: thanks for the presentation so again.
Florian Wahl: Can we go back to the POP shops.
Shailly Upadhyay: That will say either yeah I mean again.
Florian Wahl: So you have to really be careful with these things police in the future so with the bar chart there was.
Florian Wahl: There was one mistake that there was both parts of the basketball 100% and also, I think, how many people did you interview.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: 15,000,050.
Florian Wahl: Because the numbers were a little bit.
Florian Wahl: suspicious near well rounded.
Florian Wahl: Either around us.
Florian Wahl: yeah I don't know it's a bit strange that, out of.
Florian Wahl: yeah anyway.
Florian Wahl: it's interesting besides.
Florian Wahl: I still think that before you experiment with the hardware, you should really looking to the issue of motion artifacts.
Florian Wahl: Because with EG I think this might be quite.
Florian Wahl: difficult.
Florian Wahl: And then the other question would be how is the idea that you buy some that the laptop by some hardware or.
Shailly Upadhyay: yeah we are planning to like to arrange some sort of a sensor.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay yeah yeah that was part of our agenda today for.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Our discussion our presentation.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: We like to move ahead with a request to you if we could talk to.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: pj device can our lab in his era cause to have to have our team Members, we are already infiltration and we did visit the lab last week and we talked to Danny the lab in charge, India, we went to all the available devices yet.
Florian Wahl: mm hmm um.
Florian Wahl: So i'm the only one that's not working and calculation so maybe dominic can give you some feedback on that.
Florian Wahl: i'm not sure Have you looked around if there are what devices would be interesting for that so maybe that would be a good next step to.
Florian Wahl: look into what devices could be bought for this purpose.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: yeah yeah yeah.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: The date longer.
Florian Wahl: So maybe you can put like your top three or top five together, in a word, file or some kind of document with the price or something, but by it.
Florian Wahl: Around and then yeah, as I said, please investigate this issue of.
Florian Wahl: Of motion artifacts because I think this will be quite critical and kind of think about whether you want to constrain yourself to recording institute or et in.
Florian Wahl: exceeded conversations or throughout the entire day because I think that would be quite tricky.
Naina: yeah actually like Florian like when we have visited so it's like we have checked, most of the senses over there, the devices.
Naina: But actually which we are requiring that was not existing there so thing is like Vietnam to the numerator so we told like if your project is a true you get a.
Naina: lead from your supervisor so, then we can think about it, even if we have to go not so it's like.
Naina: from you, before like if it is approved, then we can really go ahead with this so like, as you know, like we really have the limited time also until June and July, so we can put together all the sensors and devices and the top players is a spreadsheet and we can provide you.
Naina: More can give our feedback and my freakin move ahead with this island if the university can provide a standard, and we can really start with the things.
Florian Wahl: That.
Florian Wahl: Maybe I think dominic we've watched a video so he I think can give you feedback on that, but I think what would be a good starting point is to have this kind of all of your what hardware, you really need.
Florian Wahl: And what a cost of that is whether that's like 500 euros or 5000 euros or.
No.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: No, no, no, no, show and that.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: The devices which we went to it was just verlander around 200 euros also.
Florian Wahl: Okay yeah.
Naina: we're not sure we check the emotion devices not around that I think sort of you know.
Florian Wahl: Just just write it up and maybe come back next week and then we discuss it next.
Florian Wahl: Next week there's no lecture but in two weeks.
Naina: Is it not possible Florian to do this week, if we can have a friendly thing because it's all about the ordering and these things takes time actually.
Florian Wahl: yeah Maybe you can.
Florian Wahl: So I don't know what dominic's responses, because I don't want a population, so I don't know.
Florian Wahl: I mean.
Florian Wahl: Who will pay for that there.
Florian Wahl: But maybe you can send around some an email with some links and the hardware that that you would like to have, and then I can discuss with dominic.
Florian Wahl: Okay, any other questions.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Surely the side with questions.
Shailly Upadhyay: The feedback one.
Shailly Upadhyay: I think I haven't had any questions.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay, no, this was the slides, and yet the slide with questions I was talking about.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay yeah so anyone that thing you pointed out videos is around out did you round up the survey results yeah we did round up because a few of the answers were unequivocal.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: A few of the answers on it people, so we did is owned up.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: The services a little bit and yeah So the question, we would like to ask you Julian.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Apart from to clean the device and moving ahead with the device.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: What would you suggest, we should take an immediate next step.
Florian Wahl: I would.
Florian Wahl: think that even without the device, but you can do is do some research on emotional recognition from you cheated i'm sure there's some articles.
Florian Wahl: articles on that yeah.
Florian Wahl: And maybe prepare a nice overview on that.
Florian Wahl: So yeah kind of what kind of emotions were recognized, what was the device use what were the sampling frequencies.
Florian Wahl: yeah I think that could be a good overview to do that.
Florian Wahl: With like 10 or 20 articles because i'm sure there's a lot of these articles on the topic and pre research this.
Florian Wahl: The martian artifact issue, because I know that we today that's that's really an issue.
Florian Wahl: And then think about where you want to position the sensor, so I think this is global electrodes or How does that work.
Florian Wahl: And then you need to check whether you need to put some liquid on this electrodes.
Florian Wahl: And then, how long does it last how long can you record and then think about a.
Florian Wahl: Maybe the next So the first step was really, really be like a thorough literature review and then after that I think the next step is to come up with some kind of study protocol so you have to think about.
Florian Wahl: What does your study look like how many participants, do you want to record what is the schedule there, so what kind of activities, how do you kind of provoke maybe different emotions, so I think.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: yeah.
Florian Wahl: yeah you have to you have to think about that.
Florian Wahl: How do you record ground truth, how do you calibrate the system, and so on, this is quite so I think it's a fun the literature review, you might get a good idea of how this can be done.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: So that.
Florian Wahl: That might be to the experiment assignment be also a good next step.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay, he yeah That would be a very nice idea to go ahead as the immediate interested, thank you for the for the idea.
Florian Wahl: Okay, then, is there any more questions.
Saurabh Swaroop’s iPad: Okay equation Australia.
Shailly Upadhyay: From my side, no thanks for the feedback.
Florian Wahl: yeah you're welcome Okay, then.
Florian Wahl: I will end this.
Florian Wahl: This I will leave the session, I think I can give the host to someone maybe.
Florian Wahl: Emily I will make you host and you can hand this over to boost it and said okay.
Florian Wahl: Well idina I will, I will make you host and when was he comes in just you can give him okay thanks.
Edina Larios: I am not sure if that's the best idea because.
Edina Larios: All about to.
Edina Larios: me.
Gaurang Thanekar: I will be here because i'll be.
Florian Wahl: Your host.
Florian Wahl: Two weeks.
Edina Larios: bye thanks bye bye.
Shailly Upadhyay: Thank you bye bye.
Mouzhi Ge: Recording.
Mouzhi Ge: I heard the recording in progress already.
Mouzhi Ge: And so, from your side, let me share the screen the bed to see here on the hook on to the presentation and here's the team's.
Not teams.
So more.
shares.
here.
Mouzhi Ge: So, this would be the teams.
Mouzhi Ge: From my side and let's go for team by team and before that.
Mouzhi Ge: not sure if I mentioned and problem to some of you guys are now joining my last lecture.
Mouzhi Ge: And I put some questions in the in the in the ir over there and I would like to to, I would like, I would like to see a bit more technical details.
Mouzhi Ge: If you can but anyway, if you didn't prepare that totally okay for the lack totally okay for the for the presentation and i'm going to ask those kind of questions later and after the whole recording.
Mouzhi Ge: Okay, for for this one, for the first one impossible, is nothing and the whole will.
Mouzhi Ge: present.
Mouzhi Ge: Anybody will present on this one.
Mouzhi Ge: Is there anybody from this planet.
Mouzhi Ge: or he's already presented.
Mouzhi Ge: not sure on that.
Alfa Nwanonobi: We are you good.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: We we are, we are ready.
Mouzhi Ge: yeah go on go on.
Mouzhi Ge: My screen, so can you share the screen yeah.
Alfa Nwanonobi: Could you would that.
Mouzhi Ge: make you a Co host let me see if I make the Co host make you a Co host I think you should be able to share the screen okay.
Mouzhi Ge: yeah please go on.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Okay, so our group name impossible, is nothing.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: short.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Of the sasquatch infection.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: So talked about inspiration, as with the hospitals clinics this slide is in pain, if you make it in this ratio, as the mosquitoes clinics could be the solution in your needs.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: and stick with us internist and physicians surgeons nurses patients.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: misled, if anything, the.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: slideshow.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: So our point of view.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: We we modified our points of view of time in the missing.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: it's missing Amina so our points of views and family physicians house Esther.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: need a way to accurately predict patients who have for ability of developing long covered right from the first day of clinical presentation in the hospital.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And this is because it's significant proportion of fusco with patients to suffer from life debilitating could be related morbidity after acute treatment okay next slide please.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And then, as original with much they were trying to define a clinical parameters or criteria for potential screen upgrading and also retrieve data from probably scientific articles and then the length of it websites.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: insolent this.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Yes, okay we'll check that a business like pubmed Google scholar.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And also, we reviewed case studies clinical case studies nuts and optimistic in this is OK, and then they also the water to organization and statistical reporting period 19 we also checked that's their business like.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Okay, now we also had them Okay, and we conducted interview, and we asked him doctors is a house and some questions festival for the understood by the concepts in long covered.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: If there are any problems or issues arising from either the prevention, diagnosis, treatment or management of this condition and what areas of improvement, the clinic Al Qaeda would suggest in the aspect of non compete next question.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: We also ask them if they had any idea of puts on how these programs could be addressed, how we could not efficient at an increased risk of covered.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And what's their opinion was a Baltistan a scoring system for prediction of long of it and also business and the commercial value and we realized that.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: The majority of them actually didn't know the concept called long long curve, it would say when patient had discovered.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: symptoms after treatment and they come back, they just treat the symptoms and when majority of them were open to the idea of.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Having a scoring system that could help them easily know this patient right from the physio of presentation, if you have the clinic in covert states or not.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: So they can share their clinic appointment and then after waiter a lot of articles and literature reviews and also a withdrew make our case studies were able to isolate them six per click or parameters.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Now we now we can start recording this image in patients with non covered the age of the patient, the agenda in number of symptoms, in the first week of diagnosis, the body mass index.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: The prayers of associated comorbidities and the vaccination status, this is also synonymous, is to to study conducted by them Swiss.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: institutes in Zurich and in which they developed a similar scoring system called packs but they usually be each the symptoms are tests we pray ish history of asthma and the Prince of co-morbidities so now, the first criteria at the age of the patient.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: me study conducted by should read i'll UK study published in 2021 say that patient 9% of 9.9% of patient how long can we delay is between 18 and 4049 years.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: 15.9% of patients, where is between 50 and 69 is way too into what we may be sent to flunk of efficient way is about 70 years.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And this equivalent to mathematical ratio of one to 1.5 to two and there we go ahead and pitch in between it's you know 40 years with a quality score of one point.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Those from 50 to 69 years were given a score 1.5 points, and those are both 70 years we scored two points based on this criteria, please emptiness late.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And then the gender of the patient and why some studies reported our closest statistical significant significant difference in Jeddah among sufficient, but a study discovered a majority of this patient we said to be females.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: It disproportionately affected females, and then 14.9% of them were famous compared to what you're saying yeah and in fact the sense of meals had long coffee.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And this corresponds to the ratio of 1.5 to one and so more like a being a female the risk will say to have increased by 50% and so female patient way to given this coven Point five points, whether they're male counterparts at what is called a single points nestle.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: The number of systems to the festival, this was a world most statistical significance significance in points and then about 10 symptoms.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: were isolated take almost symptoms and if a patient has five or more of these symptoms it's it's it's proteins is strong game and prognosis of having uncovered the range from fatigue headaches common symptoms, we have all heard about the cove Chesapeake Bay area so on.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: In the study conducted by cigarette i'll the odds ratio for each particular symptom predicting long covered bridge from one to for an average of 2.5 for females, while its range from 0.5 to 4.5 and average of seems similar average for meals.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And Wendy Wendy odds ratio for patient having at least five of these symptoms, was it was calculated in this study its range from three to 5.5 an average of 4.3 females next slide please.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Thank you, and its range from 2.5 to six on average of 4.25 million meals and taking both averages as your ratio in 2.5.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Throughout the ratio of 4.3 who are fit ratio of one to 1.7 approximately one to two, so this states that's efficient having five or more symptoms.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: The risk of having local means increased 100% complete or somebody having less than five symptoms so they're giving you score one where does have you ever given this quote so next thing.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And the body mass index.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Most of this report that the trend that majority of this patient or how long of a good way overweight or obese having at least a body mass index of 25.0 kilograms per meter squared.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: In a study conducted by we give him a cut it all published in 2021 on on healthcare workers, and most of a 50 51% of lankov.
Alfa Nwanonobi: Efficient.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: How the BMI both students that point zero and this and the p value of 0.020.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Which is statistically significant and so, hence patients will be a minus 3508 giving a score of one, why does above to a temporary zero be given a score two points nestle.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Yes, the fifth clicker parameter was the presence of other comorbidities of.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Two studies isolated that's the first study said in chronic embrace Richard disease, they 2.3% of patient our local.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: symptoms and had a history of respiratory disease are 4% of them had that two diabetes about three points of his head had his stroke high potential and the most common in women had history of mental illness prop to the to the in sickness in another study.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Craig respiratory disease 9.5%.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: of them had have longer efficient heart disease, and then the p value of 0.007 which is, which is.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Statistically significant, and this was observed in about one SEC more efficient so i'm looking at this, so hey, especially with no comorbidities were given a score of one.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And then missions, having non respiratory comorbidities, for example, type to DM hypertension mentor in this were saying the score 1.5.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Why patients suffering from chronic respiratory diseases like asthma chronic obstructive pulmonary disease obstructive sleep apnea syndromes with given a score two points and.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: yeah so okay next slide please and then Alaska anchor points, the first initial status in a study conducted by your balcony at all published recently about four weeks ago, which was reported a patient who had who had at least to complete it could be 19 vaccine disease.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: about what he did today no specifically by the type of coordinating by symbol, so they had a 41.9% decrease in the also have been known.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: to him only 9.9% of them actually had long could be compared to 14.6% of similar participants now fascinated I had no could be.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: So, looking at this ratio wise, it was a one to 1.5 so so we're able to do that, not having coordinating vaccine increases the chance of having long cookie by 50% so this means that vascular patient has got one on backseat efficient we scored 1.5 so this.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: is customary.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: For the edge, as I said before, just to recap it into 4949 years we give you one point 50 to 69 1.5 points above or equal to 72.4 the agenda females was called 1.5 points meals you single point.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Number six in the face trick less i'm facing terms it's called the point and greater or equal to facing in terms it's called coupons looks like this.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: For the body mass index and people have been less than 10 5.0 kilograms per meter squared is called one points and those have been at least two and 510 kilograms per meter squared we scored two points.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: and praying so for our Karma with his absence of any comorbidities like any past in there, we give you one points and brains of non respiratory comorbidities.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Including tied to DM high potential cardiac disease may that in is your kidney disease in isn't easy I put it on esoteric, and this was because.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: It was, it was not the phoenix are some studies discovered that people that have chronic kidney disease had an increased chance of having long covered why some studies disputed that so.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And then Prince of chronic respiratory diseases, for example at smart, especially in chronicles for constructive pulmonary disease and obviously partner syndrome had two points.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And then the last point first initial status, those are vaccinated taking at least to do this with quality points and those that are not completely fascinated are given 1.5 points.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And now we use these criteria, as I said before they see this a Swiss scientists are Zurich and walked on this and then last year they probably realistic calculator that could help to estimate these what they worked on just four criteria each.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Pretty number of sequence, in the first week and history of asthma and also the impressive immunoglobulin these are chemicals are miserable.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And we discover that in order to make it more easy for some patients to us yeah so that is no it's just strictly for physicians and now item petition.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: As you can observe that all the scoring parameters have at least a score of 1.2 there's No zero points yeah so does it, so the minimum score achievable is actually six points and the maximum score achievable is 11 points and then use it using the scoring system and also.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Trying to compare with what was released last year by histories institute's.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Fishing scoring less than seven points were assigned the nordics nordics and value those heavy from seven to 7.5 points had my risk.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And those as cause from a 3.5 we had the moderate risk of having long of it and those have been at least nine points Heidi see various coffee no coffee that most likely.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: yeah we're talking about we're talking briefly about the business model we plan to him in developing the mobile APP downloaded the mobile APP.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: which can be downloaded from Google play store for android users and also the apple store for iPhone users.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: And, thereby making this up not only accessible to physicians or healthcare workers, but also to curious patients who love to know the oreck scoring.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: system, as you can see the parameters anybody can actually use anybody that has covered can actually use these parameters, we can answer actually answer the questions on scholarship.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: Is practical yeah That would be a basic plan for non paying users and it will be attached to just three attempts or trails of the so the scoring system that will be for the basic plan which will be free in SF this.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: is for the premium plan, these are people that will be subscribers are decided paying customers and especially only limited as it can be for multiple operations.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: For those are not yet convinced of the usefulness of this APP will put a seven day free trial for them, and only limited access and I thought that they can decide if they're going to pay for this.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: association could either be weekly two years monthly several years yearly it's a years depending on individual diesel preference our APP is also open for commercial advertisement by brands and marketers as an admin so have riven nestle.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: yeah it's why references yeah listening.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: yeah misled.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: yeah Thank you it's like oh yeah this step is to design, it puts with a for the clinical application yeah i'm a Python.
OSARODION OHENZUWA: API could, thank you very much.
Mouzhi Ge: Thanks a lot.
Mouzhi Ge: Thanks, let me pause the recording, then we can go for the next one.
yeah.
Elisa Julia: You can see my screen right.
Mouzhi Ge: yeah I can see that Thank you.
Elisa Julia: Yes, so we are the colored wires and yeah, so this is our the presentation over a second sprint and the first thing I wanted to mention is what we're actually trying to do.
Elisa Julia: So we've had some meetings within ourselves, and also with the health of future and we.
Elisa Julia: define a bit more our challenge, and we will or at this, we will try, but the challenge is to develop a plugin to allow live virtual consultation directly from the platform between the patient and the doctors.
Elisa Julia: And these should be video, so this is also we refined it after our meeting with me philomena, so this is already getting feedback.
Elisa Julia: So the communication should be spontaneous and the direction also lives.
Elisa Julia: The there's a lot of data generated during the console which also should be included in the patient sales, so there must be a communication between the plugin are our extension and the platform.
Elisa Julia: Doctors can proposals from the calendar, and this is a proposal that philomena and made and which was to integrated with Dr live, which is what they're doing right now, until we don't plan to create a new calendar just to allow them to do it directly with have to live.
Elisa Julia: And and yeah so as a fan point is, we are not really mainly because of time restrictions, we are won't be working on.
Elisa Julia: Regulatory we won't be really focusing on that of course we'll take a look at that, but mainly data protection, and we are some other topics may not be covered to what we are trying to achieve is just a functional plugin that allows the visual presentation.
Elisa Julia: Okay, then what we did during this sprint we did the clinical research in a second rational will give it some some of the summaries.
Elisa Julia: And we had a first meeting with philomena which was really helpful because we define everything that we wanted to, or at least the first questions that we had.
Elisa Julia: We talked about what she was interested in what are some ideas that we thought of but we're actually not very interesting and we started creating also our report to structure some ideas.
Elisa Julia: And then we are still working on a first project with family with health future, so this is also something I think will always be in progress.
Elisa Julia: We got the approval from philomena to create an account to get to know the platform as a patient so that's something that we're doing at the moment.
Elisa Julia: We are also doing market research and technology news so in the next sprint will be focusing mainly on these two on market research and technology.
Elisa Julia: We are basically trying to find what technologies are available, but it would be also easier for us because we don't have that much experience with these type of technologies.
Elisa Julia: Then there's my can you explain the refining.
yeah.
Reshma: Can you just move to that next line yeah so we basically the the medical research part regarding long cord so long car, it is not when can we call something as long.
Reshma: As when the symptoms of code versus appear more even after four weeks of the first onset of board 90 so that's when we call it long code.
Reshma: And there's a wide range of symptoms from respiratory symptoms to neurological symptoms, so the main major symptoms that we see are fatigue.
Reshma: And shortness of breath and cognitive dysfunction So these are the three major symptoms PC and but other than that there are a lot of small symptoms like hair loss and things like that.
Reshma: We go to the next slide.
Reshma: yeah and the possible causes of long code.
Reshma: Since it's a very new thing researchers are still going on, regarding this, but there have been some possibilities that the researchers have suggested is that there's permanent fiber optic armory changes occurring in the lungs, so this could be one reason and another reason could be.
Reshma: For the heart patients are developing any cardiology codes in terms of that myocardial changes for permanent changes are occurring.
Reshma: Such as persistent myocarditis that could be another reason and again another possibility is that possibility of developing auto antibodies So these are auto antibodies are fighting against our.
Reshma: system, so these could be the reasons and.
Reshma: The possible risk factors.
Reshma: it's The main reason the main risk factors at one stage, so people over 70 years are seen to develop more symptoms compared to young patients, then.
Reshma: Pre existing conditions like.
Reshma: Any diabetes, or any other diseases, these could add to the scene and then viral load so in the initial weeks of.
Reshma: code 90 when a person is infected if they have a higher viral load, this could be a reason for the person to dial up long cord and females are seem to have.
Reshma: To develop long call it TAO chance of developing log or 10 meals, then I experiencing more than five in terms of the first weeks of illness, this is another reason.
Reshma: Any pain when any patient Dallas more than five symptoms, in the first week of illness, the person could develop have a higher chance of developing logo.
Reshma: Next name.
Reshma: yeah so the diagnosing the long corridor, so the diagnosis is based on the different systems that are affected so for someone with a pre existing dimittis condition the diagnosing off, it would be different from someone else who has maybe COPD so.
Reshma: Basically, depends on the pre existing conditions and other than that mainly it's the.
Reshma: chest X Ray and sometimes a CT scan all these other major diagnostic tools, so in our platform also, we would like to.
Reshma: When we download the platform, we are thinking of developing, something in which we can share the.
Reshma: The doctors can share the X rays and.
Reshma: CT scans and all that.
Reshma: Next slide.
Reshma: yeah, these are all the desk could you go to the next, please.
Reshma: yeah.
Reshma: So, as I said earlier, like a competent comprehensive evaluation as needed.
Reshma: like to note.
Reshma: to predict accurate diagnosis.
Reshma: The next slide.
Reshma: yeah and interdisciplinary crossover so mainly it's neurology cardiology and phonology, these are the main speciality, is that we are trying to incorporate.
Reshma: yeah and that's I carefully also comes into play with regard to long covered.
Reshma: Next slide please.
Reshma: Yes, how long does the condition of long college last so studies are still going on and there's no definite answer to this question, but it could, but the studies prove that could go up to even a year or more than that.
Reshma: Next slide.
Reshma: yeah and.
Reshma: The the PR the patients who have been vaccinated have a much lesser chance of developing post forward.
Reshma: Some purpose coordinating syndrome.
Reshma: Next slide.
Reshma: yeah long covered treatment it's also mainly depending on the type of.
Reshma: Depending on the systems that are affected so and it's also symptomatic treatment that's given so for each individual the interdisciplinary therapy has needed.
Reshma: It depends on the pre existing condition, as well as the security of the code episode.
Reshma: So some of the methods of long code rehabilitation are given our spirit with physiotherapy physical training physical measures to go directly psycho education neurological nationals.
Reshma: Next slide.
Reshma: Now that's basically.
Mouzhi Ge: Thank you very much, let me pause the recording.
Marian Esskaros: Are you recording that.
Mouzhi Ge: Recording that should I stop.
Marian Esskaros: No that's fine.
Mouzhi Ge: Okay yeah i'm just yeah starts to push the recording box and just now yeah.
Mouzhi Ge: Go ahead and take our time.
Mouzhi Ge: I can see the screen on.
Mouzhi Ge: Your yeah I.
Mouzhi Ge: know not yet not yet is loading.
Mouzhi Ge: Now I can perfect.
Marian Esskaros: Okay.
Marian Esskaros: So continuing of our last presentation about how to.
Marian Esskaros: prioritize our problems, we also and the psychology and mental health problem.
Marian Esskaros: But we didn't yeah we also voted for that so basically we have four main problems that we were a little bit stuck in the last minute to decide which problem should we go through or tackle because we contacted.
Marian Esskaros: yeah we tried to contact them and we have developers like sheila and stuff but we didn't receive a response, so we actually couldn't.
Marian Esskaros: make an appointment with her or within a week teams so.
Marian Esskaros: We just based ourself on our votes our mindsets to discuss which problem of this Rebecca a yeah and we agreed on this nice problem.
Marian Esskaros: So why we did not agree on other problems, because with an s tackling is a bit challenging and records professionals such as psychologist psychologist so the visibility aspect will not be.
Marian Esskaros: will not be.
Marian Esskaros: reached.
Marian Esskaros: In that problem regarding the other problem which had a high score that a lot of competitors markets are already in the problem of forget to give medications and it can also be solved by some alarm so.
Marian Esskaros: The vulnerability aspect will actually will not be reached, also in that.
Marian Esskaros: problem also regarding the lack of knowledge of medicines will require us to take all the knowledge from Google.
Marian Esskaros: Evaluating it making sure that it's accurate and put it into the APP so they don't have to go through 1000 pages on Facebook, so it can be a PhD product because we don't have much time in that yeah and.
Marian Esskaros: Why did we choose our problem, like.
Marian Esskaros: yeah what's our problem is to make a community for caregivers it's still like a Facebook or clubhouse or something like that.
Marian Esskaros: we're still in the beginning, we just defined the problem, so we don't actually have.
Marian Esskaros: A.
Marian Esskaros: point of view of it so.
Marian Esskaros: yeah also it's.
Marian Esskaros: Slightly easy to be implemented, as there are no much competitors in the market and that.
Marian Esskaros: We thought of a technical point of view, making a web based application for caregivers to share an ask for anything so they they actually can find the solution for other problems that we did not tackle like, for example, missing the medication and having mental problem.
Marian Esskaros: And also.
Marian Esskaros: Professionals like caregivers professionals like they are taking care of their.
Marian Esskaros: family member, they can also apply for this application as experts so.
Marian Esskaros: We can like have an option to ask an expert or something.
Marian Esskaros: yeah.
Marian Esskaros: Our next step would be to make a prototype for the Web based application and we did not get that answers the questions we wanted to ask for she knew because we didn't meet her.
Marian Esskaros: So we're still on on hold on that point.
Marian Esskaros: yeah but no but and Johnson once is Bella.
Marian Esskaros: Someone from our team.
Marian Esskaros: yeah.
Bella Ndaa: Okay hi everyone, so I would like to answer perfect Professor the professor's questions on island for for the Ai and data analysis part.
Bella Ndaa: How would the data look like we're not sure, but it looks like it's going to be unstructured data i'm not sure for that one, the problem was answered programming language were using Python and ID most likely vs code.
Bella Ndaa: Time line we are looking realistically are about 200 hours, but again we're not looking at completely deployed web application, if we can reach a prototype with.
Bella Ndaa: usable functionality, that will be good.
Bella Ndaa: data analysis, yes, we will have data analysis in terms of analyzing the data from, for example, what features, the users would like to have in the APP and then for after building some type of prototype there will be data analysis of how.
Bella Ndaa: Like some type of feedback about the usability of the APP and the different features.
Bella Ndaa: And then.
Bella Ndaa: I think, does the part for Ai and data analysis I think i've answered all the different questions.
Bella Ndaa: For for the ui we are looking at.
Bella Ndaa: Something that is easier probably html and CSS i'm not sure, but see something that is easier to do and that could.
Bella Ndaa: Give results easily.
Bella Ndaa: And that's it, for my part, excellent.
and
Mouzhi Ge: that's the whole presentation are.
Bella Ndaa: yeah.
Okay.
Mouzhi Ge: Perfect just a pause that.
Jubaida: So this is our team met phoenix our challenges medication management.
Jubaida: So this is the overview of our elastic activists like he did in the last week, like as previously, we also do research and other things so.
Jubaida: The last week we did more interferes with professional caregivers and social workers who were actually non professional caregivers but also conducted more research on existing solution application and we analyzed existing medication management tools.
Jubaida: And the outcome from our last week activities that we actually took interview form for people to have them were professional caregivers and two of them were non professional caregivers they were actually social.
Jubaida: social workers so are the problems that told us that some patients will take medicine propel a sudden talks from people who have less memory.
Jubaida: communication with the gold edge patients difficulty in dealing patient to disabilities and less memory and difficulty in dealing with emergency situation so.
Jubaida: We also did maybe interviews previously and from all these, we decided to we have just came up into this says that we find out four main problems that.
Jubaida: will be going either any one of these like for psychological part some people were.
Jubaida: complaining about they were facing physical serious mental says so for the psychological particles caregiver suffer from mental stress and for educational part many people complain that there's like of information, knowledge, a potential solution and some caregivers don't.
Jubaida: don't know about the medication at other stuff and for medication part can give us a feel for managing parameters of medication and.
Jubaida: So many things and for sense of part some people so just just asked if we want to work on something, why not we work on sensor practical.
Jubaida: caregivers want to know the body parameters for emergency need like the parameters of BP glucose monitoring and other things.
Jubaida: Like they can get the information of their patients by they're staying at their home so something that can be helpful for knowing that parameters of the patients.
Jubaida: And proposed solution that we think about for our problem.
Jubaida: We can build an application so we did research on application, there are many kinds of application their web application native application hybrid application.
Jubaida: So we are not yet decided which one we're going to do, and we don't know who you are up to us.
Jubaida: And also, from your feedback we need that info website, we don't know about that, and we also thought about two bucks so from your question.
Jubaida: island are the programming language, we want to use like the person in our team knows Python and are the ID we.
Jubaida: know and we can use these are studio pie chart or our studio that data analytics or statistics part, we are not sure about we are we going to do the data analytics or statistics and for them.
Jubaida: It would be great if we can keep it simple and we can keep it like Microsoft windows or android and the time, then I as our example station will be and on may six so.
Jubaida: If we are going to build something that is from May to June 30.
Jubaida: And we have some question for you, if it is so to create an APP which one of the system for us within these pure habit on it, but or waiver, or what else you can.
Jubaida: You can suggest us for weight side of it, the recommendation and for sensor wearable do we have to build that sense of ourselves, our else.
Jubaida: Thank you.
Mouzhi Ge: pause the recording.
Svetlana Semenova: So our goal for previous weeks for to analyze all the data and come up with several hypothesis that we can test.
Svetlana Semenova: and discusses new way about the research and the projects and APP doing research for you, for publications the duration other sources explore current solutions that I exist on the market.
Svetlana Semenova: ended our pov and if i'm authority authority, and so, in the end we have come up with these big statement so Robert who is 29 works as a caregiver.
Svetlana Semenova: manage four to six patients each from 60 to 90 years old, needs a way to alleviate some of the pressure from trying to remember the timing move which medication for each patient and have access to useful information.
Svetlana Semenova: So we have come up.
Svetlana Semenova: With several solutions for the problems that we had and we asked we conducted interviews again and we asked each of our.
Svetlana Semenova: interviewee to create solutions and we provided from zero to 10 so we've come up with those.
Svetlana Semenova: marks and we decided to eliminate those who are under eight so we've covered so yeah we.
Svetlana Semenova: need to do notification system also educational components and we also would like to provide a barcode and probably a bracelet it comes with a barcode.
Svetlana Semenova: yeah we blend into use these technologies so our framework would be rare need to programming languages javascript and ids visual studio code for ux ui design, we will be using Sigma and for 3D modeling blender.
Svetlana Semenova: And we also have come up with a blend of monetization maybe till the data that we did it goes we.
Svetlana Semenova: thought that it would be helpful so for the extra price we can offer additional physical products such as bracelet and we can also offer a free trial trial period for one month.
Svetlana Semenova: We can also add some daily or weekly reports and yeah into everything will go with a monthly subscription so if you're subscribed, and you have important maybe physical products.
Svetlana Semenova: yeah, we can also offer a delayed payment and charity organization, probably, which helps for patients.
Svetlana Semenova: And caregivers.
Svetlana Semenova: don't really have enough resources to buy our product.
Svetlana Semenova: Yes, so our plan of action for the next two weeks would be to design the interface to design the bracelet.
Svetlana Semenova: define the use cases of the user, so we can create a use case diagram to end to find content for the educational part yeah and we've separated a workload for each of them team Member yeah so that said.
Mouzhi Ge: Stop the recording.